Because I'm afraid
What are you afraid of?
What if Lu Chunyu loved Jiang Yurou?
Although Jiang Yurou took my place
But if Lu Chunyu knew
The woman who accompanied him back then
It's actually an ugly fat woman
Will you not fall in love with him at all?
younger sister
You're torn about this all the time, aren't you?
Then dad told you
How to choose Lu Chengyu
That's his business.
Just be yourself
But Mai Mai
Think about it.
If Jiang Yun
No replacement
Then Lu Chengyu won't like him at all
He said so himself.
He has no shortage of good-looking people around him
What he always wanted
The one who could sing him a lullaby
Rather than a counterfeit
I see, Dad.
That's right, I must tell Lou Chengyu
No matter what he thinks, it's his business.
But I can't let the soy sauce keep lying
Right? That's what you think.
My daughter is very talented
kind-hearted
The key is still so beautiful
So don't feel unworthy
See what I take
Grandma at home
We invite you every year.
Before, you always felt that your image was not good.
If you don't attend, you should attend once this year
OK
This time
I will never hide in a dark corner again
There you go.
My daughter is so outstanding
Go back and pick out some beautiful clothes.
Our family's debt
Good dad
Don't worry, you dare to do the next thing.
I am such an excellent daughter
Can daddy hold you back?
Dad you are the best